>> Steve Kinney: Anyone in this room
have favorite extensions they want to
talk about?
>> Justin: It's one by John Papa Earth.
I think it's called Angular files.
>> Steve Kinney: What
does Angular files do?
>> Justin: Okay, so it allows me to right
click and create component real easy and
not have to type in GC component or
whatever.
Yeah, it saves me a ton of time.
That's the guy in some Eastern Block.
Kind of neat.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
any other favorites?
>> Speaker 3: I'm looking at my list, and
they are it's obvious that I came across
a file type of something
I wasn't familiar with.
And then I downloaded an extension for
it, yet syntax highlighting or
something in it.
And there's half of them are that
an obscure
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Anytime you come across
something and it's download the download
the syntax highlighting for it,
>> Steve Kinney: Yep,
that's how you end up with a lot of these.
Remove someone up with a zig
plug in at some point/.
And the other thing you can
do as well is if you have,
a .versus code folder, you can put in,
extensions.json.extension.
And, put in a list of,
recommended or unwanted Extension so
that if somebody opened this project,
they're, no, I don't want the C++ tools.
For instance, if it was a svelte project,
I might just put the identifier.
And you can get the identifier for
any of these by going in and
just grabbing copy extension ID and
you pop it in here.
And now if somebody opens this project,
they're,
would you to install the svelte extension?
So you can actually add that.
So for your team,
if there are known extent maybe you
want the prettier extension or maybe there
is internal stuff that you're using.
You could directly have somebody who
opens it, get it that recommended.
Yeah,
>> Justin: another
one I is material icon theme just because
it makes the icons look really nice.
>> Steve Kinney: This is a super popular
28 million, a very super popular one.
Let's install it real fast and
so everyone can see and
so on top of themes now I have
a different set of icons here as well.
And with that, themes are also extensions.
So I use Night Owl,
which was made by Sarah Dresner,
who does a bunch of front
end message courses as well.
And so you can install additional themes,
trying to think, yeah,
there's stuff for again,
language before we talked about earlier,
which is this just adds on top of CSS,
all the post CSS kind of syntax as well.
Yeah.
>> Justin: Is that going back to
the extensions, .JSON earlier?
Is that specific to a project?
>> Steve Kinney: This one is in a project.
Yeah.
>> Justin: Okay, it sounds good, yeah.
>> Steve Kinney: And so you would
check this into version control and
somebody also opened
this project in VS Code.
It'd be here are the extensions that we
use
>> Justin: one extension I really is path
intellisence.
So if you're importing
something into a file,
you can start typing and
it will walk through your
file system as you're trying to find
where that file is really nice.
I think I use that all the time.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, and some of that is
built in, but this is a lot better, right?
>> Justin: Is it, okay.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, if you're just
doing JavaScript or TypeScript files, but
if you wanted to also, cuz a lot
of times Vite and Webpack and Bun.
Will let you install an HTML file and
the normal,
it's not called path whatever the
intellisense that does pass NVS code is.
Can't handle the idea that you would
ever fathom importing HTML file into
a Javascript file.
Which is a totally legit thing
to do in bun and vit and
maybe webpack,
which I haven't used in forever, right?
And so this one is a little bit better
where it will also all files are fair
game, right?
You just need to turn off the settings for
the built in one as well.
>> Speaker 3: Not really
an extension suggestion.
But do we need to worry about extension
bloating and slowing down the VS code,
if you download all these,
>> Steve Kinney: Yes
>> Speaker 3: I had a code,
a spell checker installed on my machine,
and it would,
it was on a code base that was so
large that the code spell checker
was always running and
if I left the IDE open overnight and I.
I turned my computer on the next morning,
it would that instance of Chrome
would have crashed, and because it was
just so big and so, I had to turn it off.
It was too it was not no good.
Smaller projects is fine, but not really.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, a bad extent if you
really went over the top with extensions
you probably made,
because everyone has a cost, right?
It's got to run some amount of JavaScript,
right, and load some amount of stuff and
then one bad extension
can also take you down.
Because, yeah,
if it's running in an infinite loop, and
lighting your battery on fire,
that's not great either, right?
And there are ways to audit, but
barring yeah, one pathological case.
I've never gotten to the point I also
there's, I guess I'm running in 34 now,
some of them I just installed
while we were playing around.
But generally speaking, have never felt
the pain on my very expensive MacBook.
So whatever.
So to say there is no pain to be felt but
I have not personally felt that pain,
or I feel it all the time,
and I'm just dead inside.
One of the two is true,
another one speaking of costs and
being dead inside I don't know,
don't care that much about this one, but.
This one is for
every file that you import will show
you the kilobytes you're
adding to the bundle, right?
It's the only tricky part is,
it's also doing that for me a node and
a bunch of other stuff.
And I'm I don't need it right now,
I don't know.
I will,
I think that obviously something quite.
Incredibly important,
but while I'm importing,
I think it's not the time I care about it.
So yeah,
any other ones from the chat, Dustin?
What have we got?
>> Justin: Yeah, we've got a few
pretty typed script errors.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah,
I got that one in here somewhere.
>> Justin: There's Python folks,
the autodocstring.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Justin: A recommended extension.
>> Justin: Git graph is
great if you're looking for
a more visual representation
of git branches.
>> Justin: There is a recommended quokka.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Justin: It's a kind of a JavaScript
productivity extension, I believe.
>> Steve Kinney: I have installed
that one and then I don't use it, but
it seems great.
So this one will kinda, let you see,
the return values of various functions,
in line, as comments.
And so yeah obviously throws an error.
But, as you can see it'll show you,
you can put a comment in there and
it'll show you that line
what it would evaluate to.
So basically, where you would otherwise
put console logs all over the place,
we'll look at debugging.
But let's be clear,
I know what you all do.
You can theoretically just see
the values in here as well.
This is by a company called Wallaby.js,
which has a very similar thing for tests.
So you can see it looks
very similar in this case,
but you can get visual feedback
on your tests in the editor.
If I am not mistaken, this is not
necessarily a free service, but
it's pretty good.
Also, there is some amount of testing
infrastructure built into VS Code.
There is a Jest plugin that will show
you check marks or failing tests.
It's not always running them recursively.
It's when you run it,
it will parse the output.
And then if your test fails and
it says this test in this file, line 10,
column whatever, VS Code can figure out
where to put an unhappy mark in there.
We'll actually see how that
works in a little bit.
We won't do too much with it, but we'll
at least acknowledge where that happens.
So again, if you use jest,
then obviously the jest plugin is great.
If you use V test, then obviously that
one is great.So on and so forth, right?
Any other ones in the chat, Justin
>> Justin: ( A live server?
>> Steve Kinney: A live serve,
you love that server.
>> Justin: There's
a recommendation about you're
trying to avoid kind of
the extension bloat.
You install an extension,
you disable it, and then only enable it
in your workspace to make it not
in every project that you open.
>> Steve Kinney: That's a great segue.
So we'll talk about that,
>> Justin: And
then the one other maybe we'll
conclude with VS code pets.
>> Steve Kinney: Excuse me, [LAUGH]
>> Justin: Yes VS code pets.
>> Steve Kinney: This is why I show
>> Justin: Multiple recommendations for
VS code pets.
>> Steve Kinney: This is why I.
My God, this was worth getting on a plane.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Justin: My God, I want it.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, this is-
>> Speaker 3: This we trust,
>> Steve Kinney: I trust whoever
made this, 100%.
>> Speaker 3: What does it mean?
>> Justin: 1.6 million installs, so.
>> Steve Kinney: And worth it.
>> Speaker 3: That's too good.
>> Speaker 4: Look, it's this.
It's still cute.
>> Steve Kinney: That was my pet,
but how do I make it snow?
We're gonna cancel
the rest of the workshop.
I'm gonna be very busy now.
This is more impressive
than what I have going on.
>> Speaker 3: The tagline says that
this brings your productivity.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
I can put a frog in there?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: Look at the cat.
>> Steve Kinney: A red frog?
>> Speaker 4: On the bottom of the screen.
>> Steve Kinney: Kermit,
now there's a red frog in there.
They like each other.
Okay, I'm cancel my plans.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Steve Kinney: Well, that was worth it.
On the installed ones, you will see right?
That you can disable it
without uninstalling it.
You can also either
a disable it normally and
then enable it for a workspace, right?
Or to say if it's such override it
in one way or the other, right?
So if we hit disable for the workspace.
It will for this one be disabled and
then I could choose to enable it.
We'll also look at something called
profiles in a little bit, right?
So for instance,
I do a lot of Raspberry Pi-ish stuff
when there's micropython and cereal.
Port and, I don't know these things
running most of the time, right?
So you can have different profiles
where you adopt different versions
of yourself and personas.
We'll take a look at that in a second
when we get to settings, and
you can turn them on and
off for a given workspace.
You can have sets maybeif you
live in the consulting world,
you can Have different environments for
the different things that you do.
And then there are also ways
to do this with containers.
We'll get into all of
that in a hot minute.
But yeah, and then some of these kind
of come for free and are built in.
And we said before,
some of these should you open a TAML file,
which is just YAML or JSON, but different.
A lot of times it will recommend whatever
the default plugin for
that might be, right?
Particularly if it's made by Microsoft,
and you open up a python file,
it'll be like, would you the one
that we didn't include by default?
Absolutely, yeah.
There are lots of extent.
Extensions again, there
are recommended ones.I am guilty a lot
of times though, of installing them and
not remembering what they do,
and then they just sit there.
So your mileage may vary.
Toggle quotes for the win.